 EXCEPTION MECHANISM DESIGN OUTLINE

Two new functions could be added to the library to handle execptions, or a
construct that closely resembles exceptions:
  void throw(except_t exception_id, char *exception_msg)
  uint32_t attempt(void (*try_funct)(void), void (*rescue_funct)(except_t), 
                   va_list args) 

except_t is a simple typedef of a uint32_t, indicating the exception type.

The _throw_ function will replace all calls to _assert_ within the standard
library, and in most circumstances will behave the same way. When an exception
is thrown the current context is halted, the exception printed to stderr, and
unless the program is in the middle of an _attempt_ call the program will halt.

The _attempt_ function performs the duty of the "try-catch" blocks in normal
exception systems in other languages. The attempt block sets a global return
address for any failed call to throw to jump to in the event that an exception
is raised, a vector is created that will store a reference to all objs created
in the "try_funct" call (SEE NOTE 1) and then _attempt_ calls "try_funct" 
(SEE NOTE 2).
If "try_funct succeeds without failure the _attempt_ function will quietly
reset the return address to NULL (the default value) so that subsequent _throw_
calls will halt program execution, release the vector storing all newly 
allocated objs, destroying any that have not been saved in an external 
structure, and returns 0 (OB_NO_EXCEPTION)
If "try_funct fails due to a call to _throw_ then the _throw_ call gives
program control back to _attempt_, where _attempt_ resets the value of the 
return address to NULL, releases the vector containing objs created in 
"try_funct", and then calls "rescue_funct" which allows the programmer to undo 
far-reaching changes made during "try_funct", and then finally returns the
exception number that caused the "try_funct" to fail.

offbrand_stdlib will declare and define the _throw_ and _attempt_ functions. Two
new files, exception.h and exception.c, will define exception types and a few
helper functions for dealing with except_t types.
